Repayment humph
Even a bitch like you deserves my son to pay for it
Remember our Gao family
Our surname is Gao
Your daughter's death at the hands of my son is a blessing he gained in a previous life
I'll tell you what.
I can give you the damn money
That's because your daughter really pissed me off
Otherwise, I won't give you the money, what can you do to me?
Lao Tzu's surname is Gao
My father's name is Autonavi
What the hell can you do to me?
Ahahaha
You remember
If I hadn't kept you to pay back the money
Just based on what you just said
I can let you die here
After all, for my husband
If you can solve it with money, it's not a problem, haha.
It's not surprising that I see you day by day
dignified Gao family
How could a beast like him be born?
Fucking set up
Don't think this is a hospital
I dare not die
You remember
On the river, our Gao family wants you to give birth to you
If you want to die, you have to die
One bite at a time
It seems that you are eager to marry into the Gao family
Are you proud?
Humph
The Gao family is of course looking up to you ordinary people
And I am the wife of the Gao family
What do you think?
Planning for a foreign country
Look at you
Don't be afraid of the old lascivious Autonavi bear
Find a new favorite someday
Dump you